___ 
# Process Lead

Category | Unsatisfactory | Satisfactory | Good | Excellent
---|----------------|--------------|------|----------
General Feedback | The process lead has been unhelpful in providing assistance and rarely engages in conversation with teams. | The process lead has provided assistance when asked and engages with teams during class time only. | The process lead has provided assistance and provides direction to teams outside of class. | The process lead has provided assistance frequently that has been helpful, has been available to teams both in and out of class, and provides meaningful, clear, and helpful suggestions. |
Availabiility | The process lead never responds to messages and frequently missed or was late to designated work times (class times) or scheduled meetings. | The process lead was accessible while in class and minimally throughout the week and rarely missed or was late to designated work times (class times) or scheduled meetings. | The process lead was able to reach in a reasonable amount of time and did not miss or run late to designated work times (class times) or scheduled meetings. | The process lead provides multiple channels to be contacted, responded in a timely manner, meets with team members outside of class to help resolve issues and was early to designated work times (class times) or scheduled meetings. |
Mentorship | The process lead never challenges others to improve. | The process lead communicated solutions that gets teams through a problem. | The process lead helped construct solutions utilizing feedback from teams. | The process lead sets high but achievable standards, encourages others to grow in their knowledge and abilities, and embodies servant leadership. |
Resources | The process lead doesn't provide any useful or meaningful resources. | The process lead provides some basic and general resources. | The process lead provides a good amount of resources that helps teams implement new concepts into their project. | The process lead provides relevant materials and resources to help teams be successful and is willing to produce personal materials to help guide teams to overcome specific impediments. |
Scrum Knowledge Base | The process lead lacked general knowledge of SCRUM and the tools used on the project and could not answer questions. | The process lead knew basics of the SCRUM process and was able to solve some problems. | The process lead knew above average knowledge of the SCRUM process and solved most problems faced. | The process lead was able to clearly communicate high levels of the SCRUM process to team members on all levels. |

___
# Technical Lead

Category | Unsatisfactory | Satisfactory | Good | Excellent
---|----------------|--------------|------|----------
General Feedback | The technical lead has been unhelpful in providing assistance and rarely engages in conversation with teams. | The technical lead has provided assistance when asked and engages with teams during class time only. | The technical lead has provided assistance and provides direction to teams outside of class. | The technical lead has provided assistance frequently that has been helpful, has been available to teams both in and out of class, and provides meaningful, clear, and helpful suggestions. |
Availabiility | The technical lead never responds to messages and frequently missed or was late to designated work times (class times) or scheduled meetings. | The technical lead was accessible while in class and minimally throughout the week and rarely missed or was late to designated work times (class times) or scheduled meetings. | The technical lead was able to reach in a reasonable amount of time and did not miss or run late to designated work times (class times) or scheduled meetings. | The technical lead provides multiple channels to be contacted, responded in a timely manner, meets with team members outside of class to help resolve issues and was early to designated work times (class times) or scheduled meetings. |
Mentorship | The technical lead never challenges others to improve | The technical lead communicated solutions that gets teams through a problem. | The technical lead helped construct solutions utilizing feedback from teams. | The technical lead sets high but achievable standards, encourages others to grow in their knowledge and abilities, and embodies servant leadership. |
Resources | The technical lead doesn't provide any useful or meaningful resources. | The technical lead provides some basic and general resources. | The technical lead provides a good amount of resources that helps teams implement new concepts into their project. | The technical lead provides relevant materials and resources to help teams be successful and is willing to produce personal materials to help guide teams to overcome specific impediments. |
Technical Knowledge Base | The technical lead lacked general knowledge of coding architecture and the tools used on the project and could not answer questions. | The technical lead knew basics of coding architecture and was able to solve some problems. | The technical lead knew above average knowledge of coding architecture and solved most problems faced. | The technical lead was able to clearly communicate high levels technical knowledge to team members of all levels. |