___
# Individual Scrum Rubric

Category | Unsatisfactory | Satisfactory | Good | Excellent
---|----------------|--------------|------|----------
Daily Scrum | <span style="font-size:.75em;">Team member did not answer the three DS questions. Team member was late or didn’t attend. | <span style="font-size:.75em;">Team member answered the three DS questions. Team member was not significantly late. | <span style="font-size:.75em;">Team member answered the three DS questions. Team member was not late. | <span style="font-size:.75em;">Team member fully and honestly answered the three DS questions as well as engaging in the general conversation. Team member was not late.
Sprint Goal & Definition of Done | <span style="font-size:.75em;">Team member could not articulate the sprint goal or definition of done for the sprint when asked. | <span style="font-size:.75em;">Team member could articulate the sprint goal or definition of done for the sprint when asked. Team member needed assistance or leading question to answer. | <span style="font-size:.75em;">Team member could articulate the sprint goal or definition of done for the sprint when asked. Team member did not need assistance to answer the question. | T<span style="font-size:.75em;">eam member could articulate the sprint goal or definition of done for the sprint when asked. Team member did not need assistance to answer the question. Team member’s answer matched the what was discussed during Sprint Planning.
Capacity | <span style="font-size:.75em;">Team member was not present during daily scrum meetings and designated work times. | <span style="font-size:.75em;">Team member was present during daily scrum meetings and designated work times. However, the team members was either distracted or did not fully participate. | <span style="font-size:.75em;">Team member was present during all daily scrum meetings and designated work times. Team member was not distracted and participated. | <span style="font-size:.75em;">Team member was present during all daily scrum meetings and designated work times. Team member was not distracted and fully participated, adding ideas and contributing to the team.
Acceptance Criteria | <span style="font-size:.75em;">Team member does not understand how the acceptance criteria can be shown in a Sprint Review. | <span style="font-size:.75em;">Team member does understand how the acceptance criteria can be shown in a Sprint Review. | <span style="font-size:.75em;">Team member does understand how the acceptance criteria can be shown in a Sprint Review and can demonstrate this knowledge. | <span style="font-size:.75em;">Team member does understand how the acceptance criteria can be shown in a Sprint Review and could demonstrate this knowledge. Team member can explain the correlation between the all acceptance criteria and what is being demonstrated without assistance.
Azure Progress & Understanding | <span style="font-size:.75em;">Team member does not understand how the stories in Azure connect to the Sprint Goal and the definition of done. Team member does not reflect on a burn down or burn up chart. | <span style="font-size:.75em;">Team member has a basic understanding how the stories in Azure connect to the Sprint Goal and the definition of done. Team member reflects on a burn down or burn up chart compared to their individual progress during Daily Scrum meetings. | <span style="font-size:.75em;">Team member understands  how the stories in Azure connect to the Sprint Goal and the definition of done. Team member reflects on a burn down or burn up chart compared to their individual progress during Daily Scrum meetings.Team member has stories, tasks, etc. assigned to them and can articulate their progress on their assignments. | <span style="font-size:.75em;">Team member has a full understanding how the stories in Azure connect to the Sprint Goal and the definition of done. Team member reflects on a burn down or burn up chart compared to their individual progress during Daily Scrum meetings. Team member has stories, tasks, etc. assigned to them and can articulate their progress on their assignments. There are no stories, tasks, etc. in a sprint backlog that are not assigned. Team member has marked stories, tasks, etc. as done when all acceptance criteria for a story is done.
___
# Team Scrum Rubric
Category | Unsatisfactory | Satisfactory | Good | Excellent
---|----------------|--------------|------|----------
Daily Scrum | <span style="font-size:.75em;">The team met, but not all team members were present and meeting minutes and audio recording were not uploaded into the team’s Google Drive folder or either the minutes or audio file was missing. | <span style="font-size:.75em;">The team met, all team members were present, and meeting minutes and audio recording were uploaded into the team’s Google Drive folder.  | <span style="font-size:.75em;">The team met, all team members were present and occasionally engaged, and meeting minutes and audio recording were uploaded into the team’s Google Drive folder within a few hours after the meeting. | <span style="font-size:.75em;">The team met, all team members were present and fully engaged, and meeting minutes and audio recording were uploaded into the team’s Google Drive folder immediately after the meeting.
Sprint Estimates | <span style="font-size:.75em;">The team did not have estimates on the sprint backlog or the team’s sprint backlog estimates were incorrect to the point it became an impediment to the team. | <span style="font-size:.75em;">The team was able to have rough estimates for the sprint backlog. Team members participated in Planning Poker to create these estimates. | <span style="font-size:.75em;">The team was able to have realistic estimates for the sprint backlog. Team members participated in Planning Poker to create these estimates. | <span style="font-size:.75em;">The team was able to have reliable estimates for the sprint backlog. Team members participated in Planning Poker to create these estimates. |
Capacity | <span style="font-size:.75em;">Multiple instances where team members were not present during daily scrum meetings and designated work times.  | <span style="font-size:.75em;">Most team members were present during daily scrum meetings and designated work times. However, the some team members were either distracted or did not fully participate. | <span style="font-size:.75em;">All team members were present during all daily scrum meetings and designated work times. Most team members were not distracted and participated. | <span style="font-size:.75em;">All team members were present during all daily scrum meetings and designated work times. All team members were not distracted and fully participated, adding ideas and contributing to the team. |
Acceptance Criteria | <span style="font-size:.75em;">Team members cannot explain how the acceptance criteria in their user stories can be shown in a Sprint Review or fit into the definition of done. | <span style="font-size:.75em;">Team members can explain how the acceptance criteria in their user stories can be shown in a Sprint Review or fit into the definition of done. | <span style="font-size:.75em;">Team members can explain how the acceptance criteria in their user stories can be shown in a Sprint Review or fit into the definition of done and they know how to properly demonstrate this. | <span style="font-size:.75em;">Team members fully understand and can explain how the acceptance criteria in their user stories can be shown in a Sprint Review or fit into the definition of done and they know how to properly demonstrate this. Any team member could run the demonstration of acceptance criteria. |
Azure Proficiency | <span style="font-size:.75em;">The team’s Azure project is incomplete. One of the following items is missing: Product Backlog (This is an ever growing and changing list of user stories. It is not just limited to what is currently in the Sprint Backlog.), Sprint Backlog (All stories must have a description and acceptance criteria in the correct format. All stories and tasks must be assigned to a team member.), Burn-Down Chart, or a Pipeline for the code | <span style="font-size:.75em;">The team’s Azure project is complete with few errors. Team members are interacting with Azure Devops so the burn down chart is accurate compared to progress discussed during Daily Scrum meetings. The following items are all correct, with a few small errors: Product Backlog, Sprint Backlog, Burn-Down Chart, and a Pipeline for the code. | <span style="font-size:.75em;">The team’s Azure project is complete with no errors. Most  team members are regularly interacting with Azure Devops so the burn down chart is accurate compared to progress discussed during Daily Scrum meetings. The following items are all correct: Product Backlog, Sprint Backlog, Burn-Down Chart, and a Pipeline for the code. | <span style="font-size:.75em;">The team’s Azure project is complete with no errors. All team members are regularly interacting with Azure Devops so the burn down chart is accurate compared to progress discussed during Daily Scrum meetings. There is detailed commenting on user stories so anyone could understand the team’s progress. The following items are all correct: Product Backlog, Sprint Backlog, Burn-Down Chart, and a Pipeline for the code. |
___
# Indivudal Technical Rubric

Category | Unsatisfactory | Satisfactory | Good | Excellent
---|----------------|--------------|------|----------
Git Version Control | <span style="font-size:.75em;">Lumped all code changes into one commit. | <span style="font-size:.75em;">Made commits for each sprint backlog item | <span style="font-size:.75em;">Pushed commits to Bitbucket frequently | <span style="font-size:.75em;">Frequent commits. Descriptive commit messages. Utilized own branch for development. |
SOLID Principles | <span style="font-size:.75em;">Classes do not follow single responsibility principle. | <span style="font-size:.75em;">Classes constructed using single responsibility principle. | <span style="font-size:.75em;">Dependency inversion principle via Dependency injection. | <span style="font-size:.75em;">Utilized interfaces. |
Documentation | <span style="font-size:.75em;">Code is not commented. | <span style="font-size:.75em;">Code has minimal comments. | <span style="font-size:.75em;">Uses README documentation. Code is commented appropriately to explain code when necessary. | S<span style="font-size:.75em;">print process well documented utilizing markdown files. Usage of XML commenting. |
Code Standards & Architecture | <span style="font-size:.75em;">All properties and methods are set to public. HTML elements are placed in awkward places, i.e. half way off page. | <span style="font-size:.75em;">Minimal usage of encapsulation in property and method accessibility. | <span style="font-size:.75em;">Models use encapsulation with appropriate accessibility naming. HTML pages are appealing. | <span style="font-size:.75em;">Uses separate class libraries for code. |
Unit Testing | <span style="font-size:.75em;">No unit test project implemented. | <span style="font-size:.75em;">All tests are in one class. | <span style="font-size:.75em;">Unit tests are in separate classes and are named appropriately. | <span style="font-size:.75em;">Multiple unit test projects. Test methods are named appropriately. |
___
# Team Technical Rubric
Category | Unsatisfactory | Satisfactory | Good | Excellent
---|----------------|--------------|------|----------
Git Version Control | <span style="font-size:.75em;">Repo has only one dev team member. Only dev team member making commits. | <span style="font-size:.75em;">Commit logs show multiple code changes bundled in single commit. | <span style="font-size:.75em;">Most of the  team members are making commits. Commit log shows frequent commits. Using master and devel branch model. | <span style="font-size:.75em;">Using multiple branches. Clear usage and frequency of commit log. Pushing changes multiple times. |
SOLID Principles | <span style="font-size:.75em;">No discernable attempt at implementing SOLID principles. | <span style="font-size:.75em;">Attempted to implement design pattern. | <span style="font-size:.75em;">Good use of solid principles. | <span style="font-size:.75em;">Client/services  are loosely coupled via usage of interfaces. Code is separated into independent assemblies. Interfaces are small. |
Documentation | <span style="font-size:.75em;">No README file. Code is not commented. | <span style="font-size:.75em;">Contains project README file. Code has minimal comments. | <span style="font-size:.75em;">Each project has its own relevant README document. Code is commented appropriately to explain code when necessary. | <span style="font-size:.75em;">Sprint process fully documented utilizing markdown files . Code is commented thoroughly where appropriate and method naming lends to self documentation of code usage. Usage of XML commenting. |
Code Standards & Architecture | <span style="font-size:.75em;">All properties and methods are set to public. HTML elements are placed in awkward places, i.e. half way off page. | <span style="font-size:.75em;">Minimal usage of encapsulation of property and method accessibility. HTML Pages load without awkwardly placed elements. | <span style="font-size:.75em;">Models use encapsulation with appropriate accessibility naming. HTML pages are appealing. Uses discernable design patterns. | <span style="font-size:.75em;">Utilizes multiple projects to keep code modular. Uses sln file to maintain projects build process. UI is well thought out and appealing. Good use of Interfaces to keep client code loosely coupled. |
Unit Testing | <span style="font-size:.75em;">No unit test project implemented. | <span style="font-size:.75em;">All tests are in one class. | Unit tests are in separate classes and are named appropriately. | <span style="font-size:.75em;">Multiple unit test projects. Test methods are named appropriately.  Multiple passing tests per method. |